AS A	:
-	Designer & Developer

ABOUT
About Me:
	Tagline:
	Intro to self:
WORKS
-	Classroom Attendance via Optical Character Recognition (OCR) Detection System
-	Responsive Cards
-	Github Portfolio (from Zuitt Bootcamp)
-	Personality Quiz (Java)

CONTACT
	Email: darlenelagera08@gmail.com

SOCIALS
	Facebook: https://www.facebook.com/raedarlll/
	Instagram: https://www.instagram.com/raen_raengoaway/
	Github: https://github.com/coderaerae



•	Make logo redirect to home page on click
•	
 
Design Specifications
Background color: #060809 (black pearl dark shade)
Logo
Font: Raleway (google font)
Font-color: whitesmoke
“.” Font-color: lightish purple

About Me Description
	Hello, I'm Darlene Lagera and I'm on the cusp of an exciting journey into the world of web development. As a recent graduate, I'm eager to apply my passion for coding and problem-solving to real-world projects, and I'm looking for the perfect opportunity to kickstart my career in web development. I am eager to take my academic knowledge and apply it in practical, hands-on settings.
One thing that sets me apart is my unwavering commitment to learning. I firmly believe that the field of web development is a constantly evolving landscape, and I'm excited to keep pace with the latest technologies and industry trends. I am always looking for opportunities to learn and expand my skill set.
While I'm still in the early stages of my journey, I've already gained knowledge in languages such as Python, Java, HTML, CSS, as well as Bootstrap, and I'm excited to dive into frameworks and tools that can help me create amazing websites. I'm always willing to learn and a problem-solver at heart, so I'm confident in my ability to adapt and thrive in a professional environment. What I lack in experience, I make up for in enthusiasm and a fresh perspective. I am eager to collaborate, to work as part of a team, and to contribute to projects that challenge me to grow as a developer.
If you're looking for a dedicated, entry-level developer who is always eager to learn and bring fresh ideas to the table, I'm here and ready to embrace the challenge. If you're interested in discussing potential opportunities or if you'd like to connect and share your experiences, I'm just an email away. Let's embark on this exciting journey together!


Projects Descriptions
SmartSoil
	This is the web interface of our project, SmartSoil, a device designed to measure soil nutrient (NPK) levels of soil to determine its health by utilizing Arduino.
Classroom Attendance Detection System 
	This is the Graphical User Interface (GUI) of our project, Classroom Attendance via Optical Character Recognition (OCR) Detection System. It is a system designed to detect and record student’s classroom attendance using Optical Character Recognition in Python.
My Portfolio
	A portfolio sample I developed during the Zuitt Free Coding Bootcamp last October 7, 2023 using HTML, CSS, and Bootstrap.
Personality Test
	GUI of a simple Personality Test I developed using Java.
Responsive Cards
	This is a website I developed showcasing the 7 Wonders of the Philippines. It is solely focused on practicing my skills in creating responsive websites with responsive cards, and not for marketing purposes. HTML and CSS are the programming languages I used here.

